I've always been integrated man from
back in the day in high school start a
little radio station there which
literally just paved the way for me
being interested in radio and back in
the team and I used to look at people
like DJ fresh carrot cliff Fat Joe even
pop my pen'll you know the old school
was the type of people I looked at in a
year and I tried to emulating and I
wanted to work with them be as big as
them right now I think I'm literally
just looking at people from overseas
right now you know people on BBC radio
of things like that because this certain
growth you have to go through you know
I've learned from the guys from here and
I'm taking it further because on IV at
the guys levels that I used to be kept
back in the day we were supposed him you
know just to be one of the greatest
radio people in the country or a good
going right that's the show host on
Saturdays at 3 p.m. is quite you have
only done two show so far so it's
relatively new whole lot of stuff than
they actually it's quite packed though
we can line up and wife in this
phenomenal right now what are doing
going back I mean when it kicks off I
got this hole that I do right so each
and every time people want to say stuff
to something on their mind so I run a
little pull throughout the week straight
after that I've got a nice new feature
there it's a 30 minute music each other
i literally allow the people to choose
what kind of music they want you want to
have power about the music choice then I
have this new thing as well I mean I I
think I'm an authority right now in
terms of radio so I state things that
people should know about they got a
sports dog repo a profile a young South
African sports door then also got
another feature is called people we
should actually know about that on
fameless' right now but should be I
think that's very it explains itself
just like that in that line and then
yeah man cut are you few things they
also have Barca movies this is where we
speak about the huge movies on circuit
right now movie costings movie reviews
stuff that's playing on circuit and
stuff you should actually go watch later
on so the whole show is literally chess
variants are active talking to the
people understanding what they thought
up but also schooling them on certain
things that they should be aware of you
know and as an authority it's good to
just like yo
is what I think use it don't use it but
if I said I kind of like this shoot you
know what I'm saying